Democrats now defending Joe Biden amid
claims of misconduct the DNC chair Tom
Perez says sexual assault allegations
from a former Senate aide would have
surfaced during Biden's vetting process
for Vice President
he compared calls for an investigation
into Biden to Hillary Clinton's private
email server saying quote unquote
there's nothing there this is comes days
after the presumptive Democratic
presidential nominee denied the
accusation publicly and called on the
Senate and the National Archives to
release any complaint by the former
staffer against tting joining us now is
the former Utah congressman jason
Chaffetz of course a Fox News
contributor congressman good morning
good morning good morning
the DNC chairs says there's nothing to
see here it's just like Hillary
Clinton's email server your thoughts
yeah we would see more of what Hillary
Clinton did if she didn't use bleach bit
and destroy the thing even though it was
under a subpoena something that that I
was keen to get after but nevertheless
this is a very credible allegation and
what it's exposing above and beyond the
actual allegation itself is the
incredible hypocrisy by the media there
were some two dozen plus interviews that
Joe Biden did they didn't even ask him a
single question that was a terrible
embarrassment the whole me - movement
and every woman is supposed to be
believed that is out the door it's
exposed how how bad that has been and
and then given a couple of weeks had
heads-up I think Joe Biden created more
problems that he solved by doing that
interview well and it's interesting
because we mentioned how there are
various Democrats as you just refer to
even though they went after justice
Cavanaugh now they're defending Joe
Biden but there's some on the left who
are not necessarily defending the the
former vice president prominent voice on
the left New York Times op-ed piece
Elizabeth breunig basically says
Democrats is time to consider a plan B
this is brand-new this morning Tara
Reid's allegation gets Joe Biden demand
action she writes sexual assault is a
crime unlike any other it's hideous
unique this is often manifest in the
ways its victims cope Cavalier dismissal
of miss Reed's story therefore runs the
risk of advancing misconceptions about
sexual assault and it's aftermath you
on two right this is collateral
collateral damage that Democrats who
have spent the last few years
championing the me2 movement should be
loathe to incur so when an op-ed writer
in The New York Times does this does she
just come up with this on her own
or there are prominent Democrats behind
the scenes who are getting nervous and
are starting to push a plan B I think
there are prominent Democrats behind the
scenes that know that Joe Biden's a
problem he did not handle it well I
thought when Mika Brzezinski did that
interview on MSNBC it was a fair
interview she asked good questions but
Joe Biden couldn't handle those
questions he couldn't answer why he
would open up the National Archives but
not open up the documents that are there
at the University of Delaware he totally
fumbled that and should have seen that
coming
and I got to tell you nobody understands
better than Democrats that Joe Biden is
not the smoothest character in terms of
being able to campaign answer questions
and be nimble enough and I would also
say to Tom Perez many of the things that
you can see on video with Joe Biden
happened after he became the Vice
President of the United States just roll
the tape and watch this look at what a
meal a pose said a staffer for
congressman Jim Hines at an event in
2009 it surfaced in the Hartford Courant
in April of 2019 in her comments about
what Joe Biden did to her these stories
I think Democrats know are gonna keep
coming I want to get to General Michael
Flynn but very briefly what would be a
plan B do you think the DNC can do
something at this late date and put in
another candidate hey they have gone
through this process and have Joe Biden
but I think a lot of Democrats are
having buyer's remorse because I don't
think there's anybody in the country
that wakes up and says boy if only Joe
Biden was the president I just don't
think that's happening I mentioned
general Flynn trey Gowdy your old
colleague was on with Maria Bartiromo
yesterday here's what he said Peter
struck seems more interested in setting
up an American general than he is
figuring out what the Russian generals
were doing to this country they sent two
agents over there without informing the
White House without informing the
Department of Justice and they wanted to
set him up
that is not the EPI on that this country
needs we need an FBI that we can trust
and what I read in these notes is not
the FBI used to work with in 30 seconds
how do we fix all this it really depends
on attorney general bar and mr. Durham
in what they find and I do worry that
the current FBI director director Ray
does not have the strength after two
years to fundamentally fix this and give
the American people confidence that
justice plays out within the FBI that's
the deepest concern a lot of people
watching jason Chaffetz thank you